Add pre-checkpoint and restore with previous (#8819)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-container-checkpoint.1.md

> % podman-container-checkpoint(1)## NAMEpodman\-container\-checkpoint - Checkpoints one or more running containers## SYNOPSIS**podman container checkpoint** [*options*] *container* ...## DESCRIPTIONCheckpoints all the processes in one or more containers. You may use container IDs or names as input.## OPTIONS#### **--keep**, **-k**Keep all temporary log and statistics files created by CRIU during checkpointing. These filesare not deleted if checkpointing fails for further debugging. If checkpointing succeeds thesefiles are theoretically not needed, but if these files are needed Podman can keep the filesfor further analysis.#### **--all**, **-a**Checkpoint all running containers.#### **--latest**, **-l**Instead of providing the container name or ID, checkpoint the last created container.The latest option is not supported on the remote client.#### **--leave-running**, **-R**Leave the container running after checkpointing instead of stopping it.#### **--tcp-established**Checkpoint a container with established TCP connections. If the checkpointimage contains established TCP connections, this options is required duringrestore. Defaults to not checkpointing containers with established TCPconnections.#### **--export**, **-e**Export the checkpoint to a tar.gz file. The exported checkpoint can be usedto import the container on another system and thus enabling container livemigration. This checkpoint archive also includes all changes to the container'sroot file-system, if not explicitly disabled using **--ignore-rootfs**#### **--ignore-rootfs**This only works in combination with **--export, -e**. If a checkpoint isexported to a tar.gz file it is possible with the help of **--ignore-rootfs**to explicitly disable including changes to the root file-system intothe checkpoint archive file.#### **--pre-dump**Dump container's memory information only, leave the container running after this. Lateroperations will override the previous ones. It means a contaniner only has one pre-dump images.#### **--with-previous**This only works without **--pre-dump**. It will checkout the container with previous criu image files in pre-dump.## EXAMPLEpodman container checkpoint mywebserverpodman container checkpoint 860a4b23## SEE ALSOpodman(1), podman-container-restore(1)## HISTORYSeptember 2018, Originally compiled by Adrian Reber <areber@redhat.com>

Reviewer: Problem with line breaks

Author: Fixed

to explicitly disable including changes to the root file-system into
the checkpoint archive file.

> #### **--pre-checkpoint**, **-P**

Reviewer 2: Can you add an example below?

Author: No problem.

Author: It has existed in 70-72 lines.

> Dump container's memory information only, leave the container running after this. Later

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dump the container's memory information only, leaving the container running. Later
```

> operations will override the previous ones. It means a contaniner only has one pre-dump images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
operations will supersede prior dumps.
```

#### **--with-previous**

> This only works without **--pre-checkpoint**. It will checkout the container with previous criu image files in pre-dump.

Reviewer 2: I'm not clear what criu is or how this operates.  First attempt, may adjust later.
```suggestion
Check out the container with previous criu image files in pre-dump.

```
